This is the rules for the game

Saath Aath

It has two players. player one and player two

The deck:
Doesn't have any cards below 8, except it has 7 of hearts and 7 of spades
Order of cards:
7 of hearts
7 of SPADES
Ace of the Hukkum
King-8 of the hukkum in order
All other cards Ace-to-8 in order

Player 1 is the player who makes the hukkum
Player 2 is the other player

To win:
Player 1 has to make 8 hands
Player 2 has to make 7 hands


How the Hukkum part works and card dealing works:
Player one is dealt 5 hands in their hand.
Player two is dealt five hands in their hands.

Player 1 is dealt 5 face down cards
Player 2 is dealt 5 face down cards

Player one has to make the hukkum (trump card) with the first 5 hands, that they can see.
Player one also has an option of choosing a face down card, and that will be the hukkum

Player 1 is dealt 5 face up cards
Player 2 is dealt 5 face up cards

There are 30 cards total, and the came comprises of 15 rounds

Round:
If it is the first round, Player 1 will play a card.
if not then whoever won the last round will play a card.

Lets call the player who plays the first card in a round Player A.
Player A has played a card of suite Suite.
Player B has to follow these rules:
- if a player has any of card of the given Suite open, they have to play it.
- otherwise, they can play any other card from their hands.
- if a hukkum card is played, you have to respond with a hukkum card.
- 7 of spades and 7 of hearts is considered hukkum

The winner of a round is decided based on these rules:
- We consider 7 of spades and 7 of hearts to be of hukkum suite in these rules
- if two cards of the same suite are played, then the winner is evaluated based on which card is greater
- if the two cards are of different suites:
    - if one of those is a hukkum card, the hukkum wins
    - Otherwise, the player who went first wins

After 15 rounds, we count the number of hands each player has made.
if they made the number needed, (7 and eight respectively), we say that saath aath is complete
if not, the player who made more hands is owed hands by the second player in the next round:

Process of oweing:
- when the cards are dealt and the hukkum is set, but before the game has begun
- you either let the opponent who is owed the cards swap cards from your hand (the ones visible to you, and the closed ones below)
- or you can say you will make the hands and give it to your opponent.
This means, at the end of the game, the owed hands will be subtracted from your wins, and transfered to your opponent
